---
subcategory: "Elastic Cloud Server (ECS)"
layout: "opentelekomcloud"
page_title: "OpenTelekomCloud: opentelekomcloud_compute_keypair_v2"
sidebar_current: "docs-opentelekomcloud-resource-compute-keypair-v2"
description: |-
  Manages an ECS Key Management resource within OpenTelekomCloud.
---

Up-to-date reference of API arguments for ECS key management you can get at
[documentation portal](https://docs.otc.t-systems.com/elastic-cloud-server/api-ref/openstack_nova_apis/key_and_password_management)

# opentelekomcloud_compute_keypair_v2

Manages a V2 keypair resource within OpenTelekomCloud.

~> **Important Security Notice** The private key generated by this resource will
be stored *unencrypted* in your Terraform state file. **Use of this resource
for production deployments is *not* recommended**. Instead, generate
a private key file outside of Terraform and distribute it securely
to the system where Terraform will be run.


## Example Usage


### Importing an SSH key
```hcl
resource "opentelekomcloud_compute_keypair_v2" "import-keypair" {
  name       = "imported-keypair"
  public_key = "ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAABAQDAjpC1hwiOCCmKEWxJ4qzTTsJbKzndLotBCz5PcwtUnflmU+gHJtWMZKpuEGVi29h0A/+ydKek1O18k10Ff+4tyFjiHDQAnOfgWf7+b1yK+qDip3X1C0UPMbwHlTfSGWLGZqd9LvEFx9k3h/M+VtMvwR1lJ9LUyTAImnNjWG7TaIPmui30HvM2UiFEmqkr4ijq45MyX2+fLIePLRIF61p4whjHAQYufqyno3BS48icQb4p6iVEZPo4AE2o9oIyQvj2mx4dk5Y8CgSETOZTYDOR3rU2fZTRDRgPJDH9FWvQjF5tA0p3d9CoWWd2s6GKKbfoUIi8R/Db1BSPJwkqB"
}
```

### Creating an SSH key
```hcl
resource "opentelekomcloud_compute_keypair_v2" "create-keypair" {
  name = "new-keypair"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) A unique name for the keypair. Changing this creates a new keypair.

* `public_key` - (Optional) A pregenerated OpenSSH-formatted public key.
  Changing this creates a new keypair. If a public key is not specified, then
  a public/private key pair will be automatically generated. If a pair is
  created, then destroying this resource means you will lose access to that
  keypair forever.

* `value_specs` - (Optional) Map of additional options.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `name` - See Argument Reference above.

* `public_key` - See Argument Reference above.

* `private_key` - The generated private key when no public key is specified.

* `value_specs` - See Argument Reference above.

* `shared` - Indicates that keypair is shared (global) and not managed by Terraform.

## Import

Key pairs can be imported using the `name`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import opentelekomcloud_compute_keypair_v2.my-keypair test-keypair
```

Imported key pairs are considered to be not shared.
